[CN-1134] Notes on restoring backup into an existing PersistentVolume (#162)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore.adoc

NOTE: For restore to be successful you have to give restore configuration at the `Hazelcast` custom resource creation. Otherwise, triggering restore on currently running members will likely to fail. 

> NOTE: It is not allowed to override the existing restore data with a backup. This means that if there is a PersistentValue left from the previous Hazelcast cluster, you cannot restore a backup into this PersistentValue.

Reviewer: Two notes one after another is not great; suggest making this a single note, as shown in the next comment

Author: I was actually planning to remove first note 👍
I will update it after we decide.

====

> NOTE: For restore to be successful you have to give restore configuration at the `Hazelcast` custom resource creation. Otherwise, triggering restore on currently running members will likely to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
. You must configure restore at the creation of the `Hazelcast` custom resource. If this is not done, triggering restore on currently running members is likely to fail.
. You cannot override existing restore data using a backup. This means that, if a `PersistentValue` is left from the previousHazelcast cluster, you cannot use a backup to restore it.
====
```

Reviewer: I see this is used several times, but I'm not sure if I have correctly understood; just let me know if I haven't and we can work together to make sure the right message is there.

> NOTE: It is not allowed to override the existing restore data with a backup. This means that if there is a PersistentValue left from the previous Hazelcast cluster, you cannot restore a backup into this PersistentValue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
